src: update cli help for env (#344)
boson-project/func: docs/guides/func_yaml.md

The `env` field allows you to set environment variables that will be
available to your function at runtime. For example, to set a `MODE` environment
variable to `debug` when the function is deployed, your `func.yaml` file

> may look like this. For explicitly unset variables dash `-` suffix is used.

Reviewer: Small wording suggestion
```suggestion
may look like this. To unset variables use a dash suffix. For example, to unset `MODE`, use `MODE-`.
```
